Add a few missing endpoints and add some missing types (#5)
ManicJamie/speedruncompy: README.md

When working with auth, it is recommended to construct your own `SpeedrunComPy` object rather than use the default:

```python
import os
from speedruncompy import SpeedrunClient, GetSession, set_default_PHPSESSID

> client = SpeedrunClient("my_app_name", PHPSESSID=os.getenv("PHPSESSID")) # You should store this separately!

Reviewer: To be beginner friendly (assuming this lib is being used by disgruntled mods more than programmers :p) it's probably worth noting what os.getenv() does & separate it out for clarity.

```suggestion
secret = os.getenv("PHPSESSID")
# You shouldn't store PHPSESSID in the script directly, instead load it externally.
# `os.getenv()` assumes you have already set env variable PHPSESSID in your terminal;
# you can load it from a file instead using `open()` or library `load_dotenv`.

client = SpeedrunClient("my_app_name", PHPSESSID=secret)
```
